chore: update python support policy in dev docs (#2470)
modflowpy/flopy: DEVELOPER.md

### Python

> This project has historically aimed to support several recent versions of Python, loosely following [NEP 29](https://numpy.org/neps/nep-0029-deprecation_policy.html#implementation). In current and future development this window may narrow to follow [SPEC 0](https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0000/#support-window) instead.

Reviewer: NEP 29 is pretty much the same as SPEC 0 (both have about 3 concurrent releases of Python). I'm guessing that NumPy dropped it in favour of SPEC 0 due to a wider-supported specification. I recall the the historic FloPy support was following the official Python supported versions, where the old ones are "security" fixes. Maybe this rephrase?
```suggestion
This project has historically aimed to support a wide range of [Python versions](https://devguide.python.org/versions/). In current and future development this window may narrow to follow [SPEC 0](https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0000/#support-window) instead.
```
further suggestions are obviously welcome.

Author: thanks @mwtoews, applied.
